# Balneabilidade

Balneabilidade is a React Native application that provides information about beach water quality. The app fetches data from a backend API and displays it on a map.

## Features

- Display beach locations on a map
- Show detailed information about each beach
- Update beach data from a backend API
- Display the last update time
- Display weather data
- Update weather data from a backend API

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/pzandre/balneabilidade.git
    cd balneabilidade
    ```

2. Install expo-cli:

    ```sh
    npm install -g expo-cli
    ```

3. Install dependencies:

    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

4. Create a `.env.local` file based on `.env.EXAMPLE` and fill in your configuration:

    ```sh
    cp .env.EXAMPLE .env.local
    ```

5. Start the application:

    ```sh
    npx expo start
    ```

## Usage

- Open the Expo Go app on your mobile device and scan the QR code generated by `npx expo start`.
- The app will load and display a map with beach locations.

## Backend Project

To have a fully-functioning application, clone and run the backend for this project:

```sh
    git clone https://github.com/pzandre/balneabilidade_backend.git
    cd balneabilidade_backend
```

The instructions to run it are contained in its README file.

## Project Structure

- `app/`: Contains the main application files.
- `assets/`: Contains fonts and images used in the application.
- `components/`: Contains React components used in the application.
- `components/contexts/`: Contains context providers for managing global state.
- `constants/`: Contains constant values used throughout the application.
- `styles/`: Contains styling files.

## Environment Variables

The application uses the following environment variables:

- `EXPO_PUBLIC_MAP_ID`: Your Google Maps map ID.
- `GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY`: Your Google Maps API key.
- `EXPO_PUBLIC_BACKEND_URL`: The URL of your backend API.
- `EXPO_PUBLIC_BACKEND_API_KEY`: The API key for your backend.
- `EAS_PROJECT_ID`: The ID to create Expo builds.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
